Cloud runner v0 docs (#279)
game-ci/documentation: docs/cloud-runner/01-introduction.md

# Introduction
## Concept - What Does Cloud Runner Do

> **Cloud Runner enables you to send your project to run workflows on a Cloud Provider such as AWS or GCP, most commonly to build and test your project.** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Cloud Runner enables you to run build and test workflows in the cloud, right from GitHub actions. Builder will automatically provision an environment at a Cloud Provider such as GCP and AWS. It will then send the project to be built and/or tested depending on your workflow configuration.** 
```

> **Primarily Cloud Runner is useful for game development because it supports large projects. Cloud Runner has first class support for the Unity game engine.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Cloud Runner is especially useful for game development because it supports large projects. Cloud Runner provides first class support for the Unity game engine.**
```

> However, you could easily extend the system to run other tools and workloads. Cloud Runner can even use your projects to run workloads.

Reviewer: This would more be an _addition_ than an _however._

However I would actually not keep this at the very start of the introduction but in another section at the end (e.g. advanced use cases)

> Cloud Runner uses git to track and transfer your projects and uses native cloud services such as AWS Fargate or Kubernetes to run your jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Runner uses git to track and transfer your projects and uses native cloud services such as AWS Fargate and Kubernetes to run your jobs.
```

> The benefits include: 

Reviewer: Recommend changing this into a first class title: `## Why cloud runner?`

> 1. Larger options and more control over disk size, memory and CPU. You can build projects of almost any size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Extended options and more control over disk size, memory and CPU. You can build projects of almost any size.
```

2. Scale up to much larger numbers of builds easily and fully on demand.
3. Run custom jobs and extend the system for any workload.

> 4. Cloud Runner creates resources on-demand, it costs you nothing while you don't use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create resources on-demand, we have made an effort to make sure that it costs you nothing while there are no builds running (no guarantees).
```
